hi I'm Alison McNamara for today's DIY
we're taking a little inspiration for
Marc Jacobs spring 2013 runway and
creating a doctor's bag covered in
stripes let's get started so here's what
you'll need to do this DIY a doctor's
bag black acrylic paint Mod Podge tape
and paint brushes the first step is to
create your tape stencil starting at the
bottom and what I want to do today is
create bigger stripes on the bottom that
gets smaller as they go to the top lay
down my bag make sure it's very flat and
open and now using my tape I'm going to
lay down my first larger stripe starting
at the bottom I think this is the
easiest way a thing to keep in mind is
you want the tape to be really pressed
down against the bag that way you don't
have any leakage when we pull up the
tape we wanted to have a really straight
line so I put my first stripe down but
the thing is is to create those stripes
that are different sizes I'm actually
going to layer another piece of this
same size tape right on top to create a
different size and then make them
smaller and smaller as I go on today I'm
going with black acrylic paint but you
can use any color that you like and we
are painting the exposed portions of our
stripe pattern
once your entire bag is fully painted
let it dry for about 15-20 minutes and
then pull off the tape the final step is
to apply a coat of Mod Podge to seal it
all in ply a very thin coat to the areas
that we painted do not paint the leather
in between wait for your Mod Podge to
dry and then your bag is ready to use I
hope you guys enjoy today's DIY and now
you have your very own striped bag
inspired by Marc Jacobs spring runway
I'm Alison McNamara and as always thank
you for watching and make sure to keep
coming back here for more DIYs